Log.md, before:

## Assignment 2 - BI-2

First iteration of the Dockerfile was

```
FROM ghcr.io/cirruslabs/flutter

WORKDIR /app

COPY . .

RUN flutter pub get

RUN flutter run -t lib/main_dev.dart
```

This didn't work for two reasons, first there was no CMD command, so nothing to keep the container running, and also the `flutter run` runs the program using some other application for front end. And of course the docker linux can't do that. 

I got that information from the log of the container.

Then I asked chatGPT for ideas and got the answer to run ```RUN flutter build -t lib/main_dev.dart``` instead.

This now didn't show anything in the console, so I assume it finished successfully. But the container exited immediately, that is because there was nothing to replace the function of the flutter run.

ChatGPT proposed to run `CMD ["flutter", "run", "-d", "web-server", "--web-hostname", "0.0.0.0", "--web-port", "8080"]`, but that did not work. I am not sure why. It gave the same error as running the `flutter run`.

I tried running it with python3 and this time it worked. I just had to specify the directory otherwise it just hosts the work dir folder.
`CMD ["python3", "-m", "http.server", "8080", "--directory", "build/web"]`

After Bobby attempted the script on his laptop, and it failed. There was an additional file which was created in the lib/models folder which was created previously on my laptop and was not in the dockerignore, so it was copied over. Now the Dockerfile also runs the command ```flutter pub run build_runner build``` to generate that.

Commit message:

Added information in the log file.

Log.md, after:

## Assignment 2 - BI-2 Dockerfile for frontend.

First iteration of the Dockerfile was

```
FROM ghcr.io/cirruslabs/flutter

WORKDIR /app

COPY . .

RUN flutter pub get

RUN flutter run -t lib/main_dev.dart
```

This didn't work for two reasons, first there was no CMD command, so nothing to keep the container running, and also the `flutter run` runs the program using some other application for front end. And of course the docker linux can't do that. 

I got that information from the log of the container.

Then I asked chatGPT for ideas and got the answer to run ```RUN flutter build -t lib/main_dev.dart``` instead.

This now didn't show anything in the console, so I assume it finished successfully. But the container exited immediately, that is because there was nothing to replace the function of the flutter run.

ChatGPT proposed to run `CMD ["flutter", "run", "-d", "web-server", "--web-hostname", "0.0.0.0", "--web-port", "8080"]`, but that did not work. I am not sure why. It gave the same error as running the `flutter run`.

I tried running it with python3 and this time it worked. I just had to specify the directory otherwise it just hosts the work dir folder.
`CMD ["python3", "-m", "http.server", "8080", "--directory", "build/web"]`

After Bobby attempted the script on his laptop, and it failed. There was an additional file which was created in the lib/models folder which was created previously on my laptop and was not in the dockerignore, so it was copied over. Now the Dockerfile also runs the command ```flutter pub run build_runner build``` to generate that.

## Assignment 3 - BI-7 CI/CD .yml file front end

After some trial and error, I realized that I can just copy the code from the already existing Dockerfile for the front end. Then to get the env files I created variables in gitlab Settings -> CI/CD and used them to copy and paste as contents for the env files. Then had some issues with getting the builds to be set as artifacts, but after some tinkering with the path I got it working.
